hey what's going on I'm taking a request
from Hanna it's a day off my facebook
page she wanted to learn this song by
the Lumineers and so here I am teaching
it I'll play it for you first and then I
will teach it to you right afterwards
like dad see it so me I was like dad see
you see me Oh see go alright so here's
the courts no cape or anything which is
nice C standard C 2nd string fourth
string fifth string there's an like an e
over C which you just take your seat you
bring your first finger up about one and
then middle fingers off and then I'm
kind of trying to mute that four string
with my ring finger and then shooting
from hitting from the fifth now
kind of off sounding the wood but it
sounds kind of cool with the song I
oversee I'll call that next one's F so
for an F 2nd string 3rd string fifth and
for unless this guy he's act like that a
lot
next one need a G fifth string sixth
string you want like a full one you put
your pinky down on that first string a
lot of times they just keep my first
finger where it is and then I don't even
bother with hitting the pinky and just
kind of get them lower four or five a
minor just see - the top I use the a
minor seven
we need addy eventually first the third
string third fret on the second good
those are the chords it seems to it like
the strumming pattern seems to be kind
of like one two so it's kind of like
lesser ones and then kind of like that
fools so just all down down down
good um since kind of the strumming
pattern not too bad
okay so next I'm gonna go through some
of the song I'll call it chords as I go
and I'll slow it down a little bit makes
it even easier to play along with
starting from C Stallone leave a you
oversee for Eakins they play in the cell
c3 Open doubles manuals C times fast
oversee hockey see any where's our they
don't your see you don't lie to me
needed to shoot oh I need somebody
somewhere I could see trap I don't know
if a GP I see it told me I was like dad
see you now see when you want my with me
see see see Dead Sea that's the word you
ever said to me oh honey can't you see
you Ava I'm above B eg POF Dead Sea see
good then it follows the same verse
pattern into the same course last part
is a branch starting from an E minor
today we stay the I know depressive
singing right so today
yeah and then it goes back into the
course at the end and chorus is out so
great song from from Hanna as she
requested it and I try to take requests
when I can wish I hate them too more but
we're snowed in in Chicago right now
it's just snowed in so I had the night
off so that's cool doing some requests
hopefully I'll maybe get to maybe one
more night alright thanks for watching
see